EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of April 15, 2024 (the "Effective Date"), by and between:

Innovate Solutions Inc., a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at 100 Tech Plaza, San Jose, CA 95110 (the "Company"), and

Alexandra Kim, an individual residing at 456 Residential Street, San Francisco, CA 94102 (the "Employee").

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ Employee in the position of Senior Software Engineer; and

WHEREAS, Employee desires to accept such employment on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties agree as follows:

1. EMPLOYMENT AND DUTIES

1.1 Position and Responsibilities
The Company hereby employs Employee, and Employee hereby accepts employment, as a Senior Software Engineer. Employee shall report directly to the Vice President of Engineering and shall perform such duties and responsibilities as are customarily associated with this position and as may be assigned from time to time by the Company.

1.2 Devotion of Time
Employee shall devote Employee's full business time, attention, skill, and best efforts to the faithful performance of Employee's duties hereunder. Employee shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company, engage in any other business activity that conflicts with Employee's duties to the Company or that would reasonably be expected to interfere with Employee's ability to perform such duties.

1.3 Location
Employee's principal place of employment shall be at the Company's San Jose office, with the understanding that Employee may work remotely up to two (2) days per week, subject to Company policy and business needs.

2. TERM OF EMPLOYMENT

2.1 At-Will Employment
Employee's employment with the Company is "at-will," meaning that either Employee or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without cause or advance notice. Nothing in this Agreement alters the at-will nature of Employee's employment.

2.2 Commencement Date
Employee's employment under this Agreement shall commence on May 1, 2024.

3. COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS

3.1 Base Salary
The Company shall pay Employee an annual base salary of $165,000, payable in accordance with the Company's standard payroll practices, subject to applicable withholdings and deductions. Employee's salary shall be reviewed annually and may be increased (but not decreased without Employee's written consent) at the Company's discretion.

3.2 Performance Bonus
Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual performance bonus of up to 15% of base salary, based on achievement of individual and company performance objectives established by the Company. Any bonus payment shall be at the sole discretion of the Company and shall be paid within 90 days following the end of each fiscal year, provided Employee is employed on the payment date.

3.3 Equity Compensation
Subject to approval by the Company's Board of Directors, Employee shall be granted stock options to purchase 10,000 shares of the Company's common stock under the Company's 2024 Stock Option Plan. The options shall vest over four (4) years, with 25% vesting after one year of employment and the remainder vesting monthly thereafter. The exercise price shall be the fair market value on the grant date.

3.4 Benefits
Employee shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices, and programs maintained by the Company, as in effect from time to time, on a basis consistent with the terms of such plans and Employee's position. Current benefits include:
(a) Health, dental, and vision insurance (with Company paying 80% of premiums)
(b) 401(k) retirement plan with 4% Company match
(c) Life and disability insurance
(d) Professional development allowance of $3,000 per year
(e) Gym membership reimbursement up to $100 per month

3.5 Paid Time Off
Employee shall be entitled to four (4) weeks of paid vacation per year, accruing ratably throughout the year, plus all Company-recognized holidays. Unused vacation may be carried over to the following year up to a maximum of one week, subject to Company policy.

3.6 Sick Leave
Employee shall be entitled to paid sick leave in accordance with applicable law and Company policy.

4. EXPENSES

The Company shall reimburse Employee for all reasonable and necessary business expenses incurred in connection with Employee's duties, provided that such expenses are documented and submitted in accordance with Company policy.

5. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

5.1 Confidential Information
Employee acknowledges that during employment, Employee will have access to and become acquainted with Confidential Information (as defined below). Employee agrees to hold all Confidential Information in strict confidence and not to disclose it to any third party or use it for any purpose other than performing Employee's duties, except as required by law or with the Company's prior written consent.

"Confidential Information" means all non-public information concerning the Company's business, including but not limited to: trade secrets, technical data, customer information, financial information, business strategies, software code, and any other proprietary information.

5.2 Assignment of Inventions
Employee agrees that all inventions, discoveries, developments, improvements, works of authorship, and other intellectual property created, conceived, or reduced to practice by Employee, either alone or jointly withothers, during the period of employment and relating to the Company's business or resulting from Employee's work for the Company (collectively, "Work Product"), shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company.

Employee hereby assigns and agrees to assign all right, title, and interest in and to all Work Product to the Company. Employee agrees to execute any documents and take any actions reasonably requested by the Company to perfect the Company's rights in the Work Product.

5.3 Prior Inventions
Employee has attached as Exhibit A a complete list of all inventions, if any, patented or unpatented, that Employee made prior to employment with the Company that Employee desires to exclude from the scope of this Agreement.

5.4 Return of Materials
Upon termination of employment for any reason, Employee shall immediately return to the Company all documents, materials, equipment, and other property belonging to the Company, including all copies of Confidential Information.

6. NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION

6.1 Non-Competition
During Employee's employment and for a period of twelve (12) months following termination of employment for any reason, Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, within the United States:
(a) Engage in any business that competes with the Company's business;
(b) Have any ownership interest in, or provide services to, any person or entity that competes with the Company; or
(c) Assist others in competing with the Company.

This restriction shall not prohibit Employee from owning less than 1% of the publicly traded securities of any competing company.

6.2 Non-Solicitation
During employment and for eighteen (18) months following termination, Employee shall not:
(a) Solicit, induce, or attempt to solicit or induce any employee, consultant, or contractor of the Company to terminate their relationship with the Company;
(b) Hire or attempt to hire any person who was employed by the Company within the six months prior to such hiring; or
(c) Solicit business from, or attempt to do business with, any customer or prospective customer of the Company with whom Employee had contact during employment.

7. TERMINATION

7.1 Termination by Company for Cause
The Company may terminate Employee's employment immediately for "Cause," which means:
(a) Employee's willful misconduct or gross negligence;
(b) Employee's conviction of, or plea of guilty or no contest to, a felony;
(c) Employee's material breach of this Agreement;
(d) Employee's violation of Company policy that has a material adverse effect on the Company; or
(e) Employee's dishonesty, fraud, or misappropriation with respect to the Company.

7.2 Termination Without Cause
Either party may terminate employment without Cause upon thirty (30) days' written notice. The Company may elect to have Employee cease work immediately upon providing notice and shall pay Employee's base salary during the notice period.

7.3 Severance
If the Company terminates Employee's employment without Cause (excluding resignation by Employee), and Employee executes a general release of claims, the Company shall provide:
(a) Continued payment of base salary for three (3) months following termination;
(b) Payment of COBRA health insurance premiums for three (3) months; and
(c) Accelerated vesting of stock options that would have vested in the six (6) months following termination.

No severance shall be paid if Employee is terminated for Cause or resigns without Good Reason.

8. DISPUTE RESOLUTION

8.1 Arbitration
Any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Employee's employment shall be resolved by binding arbitration in Santa Clara County, California, under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's decision shall be final and binding.

8.2 Attorneys' Fees
The prevailing party in any arbitration or legal proceeding shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys' fees and costs from thenon-prevailing party.

9. GENERAL PROVISIONS

9.1 Entire Agreement
This Agreement, including all exhibits, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, and negotiations, whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof.

9.2 Amendment
This Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument signed by both parties.

9.3 Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflict of laws principles.

9.4 Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect. If any restrictive covenant is held to be unenforceable because of its scope, duration, or geographic area, the parties agree that the court shall reduce such scope, duration, or area to the extent necessary to make the restriction enforceable.

9.5 Survival
Sections 5 (Confidential Information and Intellectual Property), 6 (Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation), and 8 (Dispute Resolution) shall survive termination of employment and this Agreement.

9.6 Withholding
All payments under this Agreement are subject to applicable tax withholding.

9.7 Counterparts
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

Innovate Solutions Inc.                 Employee

By: _________________________           _________________________
Name: David Chen                        Alexandra Kim
Title: Chief Executive Officer
Date: April 15, 2024                    Date: April 15, 2024


EXHIBIT A - PRIOR INVENTIONS

[None listed - Employee has no prior inventions to disclose]
